feat: add did doc in chain section (#61)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/chain/did.md

    * The `DidAuthorizedCallOperation`
    * The DID signature
* Pass the call over to the submitter who can now sign and submit it to the chain
    * The submitter will have to pay for all fees and deposits that result from the operation
    * In general the submitter will have the power to delete all on-chain objects to reclaim its deposit
* The chain now checks that
    * The submitters signature is correct
    * The submitter is the one specified in the `DidAuthorizedCallOperation`
    * The DID signature is correct
    * The tx_counter is valid (current tx_counter + 1)
    * The blocknumber is not older than an hour (given 12s block time)
* After that the actual call gets dispatched with a special `DidOrigin`
    * This allows the executer of the actual call to get the DID and the account of the submitter

## Updating a DID

There is a set of extrinsics available to update a full DID.
These are:

* `set_authentication_key`
* `set_delegation_key`
* `remove_delegation_key`
* `set_attestation_key`
* `remove_attestation_key`
* `add_key_agreement_key`
* `remove_key_agreement_key`
* `add_service_endpoint`
* `remove_service_endpoint`
* `delete`

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: after the merge conflict is solved this can get merged. Sorry it pushed a commit in there that probably resulted in a few conflicts. thought it would be easier to show what I meant than explaining it... 😓

Author: Don't know how I could have missed that. Fixed now :man_shrugging:

# DID 

> ## What is a DID?

Reviewer: I would think that this section is already covered in the [kilt core features](https://dev.kilt.io/docs/sdk/core-feature/did). Since this is in the chain section I wouldn't talk about the light DIDs. Maybe only say that light DIDs can't interact with the chain. You always need a Full DID if you are authorizing extrinsics on the blockchain.

Author: I feel like we need to mention light DIDs here, to differenciate from a full DID. This whole paragraph is just meant to be a short introduction.

Reviewer: We could make the whole doc about full DIDs. But it's also fine to mention them.

In KILT a DID is a decentralized identifier that the user owns and controls. It consists of a unique set of keys that can be used for different operations on the blockchain. For an in-depth explanation see the [KILT DID spec](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/kilt-did-driver/blob/master/docs/did-spec/spec.md).

A DID may be a "light" DID, which is not stored on-chain, or a "full" on-chain DID. A light DID is issued by default, with the keys stored locally on your device. By upgrading this to a full DID registered on the blockchain, all the keys associated with it can be retrieved from the KILT blockchain storage.

A full DID can then be used to perform certain on-chain actions which include:

* Writing CTypes to the chain
* Writing attestations to the chain
* Setting delegations
* Doing key rotations on the DID keys

## Registering a DID

> A full DID is needed if the user wants to become an attester or wants to setup delegations. A full DID also allows the user to embed a list of URLs, known as service endpoints, into the DID document so that it can be retrieved from the chain.

Reviewer: > so that it can be retrieved from the chain.

That is a bit confusing. The URLs are there so that the DID Document can be queried from the chain?

To create a full DID the user first has to create a set of keys and service endpoints:

* one authentication key for signing extrinsics from your DID
* zero or more key agreement keys for encrypting messages that are sent to you
* one attestation key for signing attestations (optional)
* one delegation key for authorizing delegations (optional)
* service endpoints that point to external hostings for others to find (optional)

> With these they are ready to write the DID to the KILT blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With those keys prepared and the service endpoints set up, they are ready to write the DID to the KILT blockchain.
```

> The user then has to create the `did::create` extrinsic and sign it with any KILT account that has enough funding to pay both the transaction fees and the  DID deposit. The extrinsic consists of  

Reviewer: I would maybe start with explaining the DID Creation Details.

In this section you started with explaining the content of the DID creation details. So I would keep the top down approach.

1. Keys and Service Endpoints form the Creation details 
2. Creation details and signature build the create extrinsic
3. create extrinsic needs to be signed by someone who pays the fees and deposit.

* The `DidCreationDetails` object containing keys and service endpoints
* The `DidSignature` which is a signature using your authentication key over the scale encoded `DidCreationDetails` from above
* A regular signature authenticating the sender of the extrinsic

> Once this extrinsic is submitted and executed, the DID is written to the chain.

Reviewer: I would like to see a bit more details here. What I miss here is how the `DidCreationDetails` look like, what purpose the `submitter` serves, that the submitter and DID owner can be two different parties and what consequences that would have.

Reviewer: The purpose of the submitter wasn't made clear i think? This doc is a more low level explanation of the DIDs, so I think we should explain the details here too.
The submitter is included in the DidCreationDetails, so that the user can limit who pays the deposit to this specific account. Otherwise some other account might pick up the `DidCreationDetails` and become the deposit owner with the power to delete the DID later.

## Updating a DID

> There is a whole set of extrinsics needed to update a full DID. These are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a set of extrinsics available to update a full DID. These are:
```

* `set_authentication_key`
* `set_delegation_key`
* `remove_delegation_key`
* `set_attestation_key`
* `remove_attestation_key`
* `add_key_agreement_key`
* `remove_key_agreement_key`
* `add_service_endpoint`
* `remove_service_endpoint`
* `delete`

> All of them have to be authenticated using the DID that is updated. For that there is the special `submit_did_call` extrinsic. This extrinsic contains another call and a signature from the DID that is authorizing the inner call.

Reviewer: I think the `submit_did_call` deserves it's own sections that talk about how this work. I think you mix "how to update a did" together with "how to make a DID call". Separating these to sections would make it easier to follow.

Reviewer: IMHO the `submit_did_call` should be explained in its own section. You write in the beginning that `A full DID can then be used to perform certain on-chain actions` but than you have `register a did` and `update a did` as the next sections. I would expect that there is a section that explains how a DID can perform actions.

For example when you want to add a new service endpoint:

1. Create a `DidEndpoint` object containing a service id, a list of service types and a list of URLs.
2. Wrap it in an `add_service_endpoint` extrinsic.

> 3. Take this call and put it into a `DidAuthorizedCallOperation` object together with the DID, the tx_counter of the DID, the current block number and the account id of the submitter of the final extrinsic.

Reviewer: I think the `tx_counter` was never explained? Also why the block number is included there is not explained too.

4. Now we can put together the actual `submit_did_call` extrinsic by signing the scale encoded `DidAuthorizedCallOperation` with our DID and then signing and submitting the call together with the DID-signature using the key of the account that is specified as `submitter` in the `DidAuthorizedCallOperation`.

> The extrinsic will then be dispatched to the `did::submit_did_call` function which will verify that 1) the submitters signature is correct and 2) that the DID signature is correct. After that it will execute the inner call with a special `DidOrigin` that allows the inner call to access both the account id of the submitter and the id of the affected DID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `did::submit_did_call` will verify that 1) the submitters signature is correct and 2) that the DID signature is correct. After that it will execute the inner call with a special `DidOrigin` that allows the inner call to access both the account id of the submitter and the id of the affected DID.
```

I hope there are more than those two checks in the code. 😁 The `tx_counter` and block number are there for a reason I suppose.

Please note that the submitter has to pay all the transaction fees and/or deposits that the inner call may require, but doesn’t have to be related to any of the keys that make up the DID; this can be done from any KILT account.

## What about the deposit?

When writing a DID to the chain the submitter of the extrinsic has to pay a deposit, currently 2 KILT. This is to incentivize deleting unused DIDs to save storage on the chain. The deposit is always bound to the account that submitted the extrinsic to create the DID, and not to the DID itself. Consequently there are also two ways of reclaiming the deposit:

1) The DID owner decides to delete the DID using the `did::delete` extrinsic. This call needs to be authorized by the DID and can therefore be submitted by any account. Despite the fact that this account can differ from the deposit owner, the deposit will always be reimbursed to the account that paid for it.

> 2) The deposit owner can decide to claim their deposit back using the `did::reclaim_deposit` extrinsic. This will also cause the DID to be fully deleted but it doesn't require a signature from the DID. Only the signature of the account that created the DID is needed for this. 

Reviewer: I would like to see a word of warning here, that the DID owner gives up part of the control over his DID to the deposit owner.

For example when you want to add a new service endpoint:

1. Create a `DidEndpoint` object containing a service id, a list of service types and a list of URLs.
2. Wrap it in an `add_service_endpoint` extrinsic.
3. Take this call and put it into a `DidAuthorizedCallOperation` object together with the DID, the tx_counter of the DID, the current block number and the account id of the submitter of the final extrinsic.
4. Now we can put together the actual `submit_did_call` extrinsic by signing the scale encoded `DidAuthorizedCallOperation` with our DID and then signing and submitting the call together with the DID-signature using the key of the account that is specified as `submitter` in the `DidAuthorizedCallOperation`.

The extrinsic will then be dispatched to the `did::submit_did_call` function which will verify that 1) the submitters signature is correct and 2) that the DID signature is correct and all other parameters are in reasonable bounds.
This includes that the block number is not older than ~1h and that the tx_counter is the same number as the number of transactions that already have been executed from this DID plus one.

> Those two extra checks guarantee that DID calls can not be replayed and that they can not be hold back by the submitter for an arbitrary time.

Reviewer: The blocknumber is included because a DID could get deleted and recreated which effectively resets the nonce to 0 making all transactions that where made before the DID was deleted valid again. We therefore restrict the validity of a DID call.
I also think we banned deleted DIDs so that they can't get recreated? But I'm not 100% sure.
